Moving tutorials to the Flame main repository (#720)
flame-engine/flame: README.md

## Getting started

> A collection of guides can be found [here](./tutorials). Note that these tutorials are based on the master branch. To make sure you are looking at the tutorials that work with your current version, select the correct version tag.

Reviewer: probably best to mention that they are still WIP? since there is only one so far

Author: Done

> A collection of guides can be found [here](./tutorials). Note that these tutorials are bound the flame on this repository. To be sure you are seeing the tutorials compatible with your current version, select the correct version tag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A collection of guides can be found [here](./tutorials). Note that these tutorials are based on the master branch. To make sure you are looking at the tutorials that work with your current version, select the correct version tag.
```
